CD Tenerife v AD Alcorcón
---
Segunda División | Estadio Heliodoro Rodríguez Lopéz
Monday, 11 December 2023 @ 8.00pm
---
CD Tenerife and AD Alcorcón both come into Monday's late kick-off at the Estadio Heliodoro Rodríguez Lopéz in poor form, having picked up only four points each in their last six games.
The two teams have each collected one win and one draw from their last six outings.
Alcorcón are 21st in the table after 18 games, of which they have won three and drawn five, earning 14 points.
Tenerife are 12 places ahead of AD Alcorcón in ninth, with eight wins and three draws putting them on 27 points.
In Juan Soriano Oropesa, CD Tenerife can rely on one of the league's safest pair of hands. He has kept eight clean sheets in his 18 appearances this season, and only one other 'keeper – Sporting Gijón's Orlando Rubén Yáñez Alabart – has been able to prevent the opposition scoring on more occasions in the Segunda División.
In the visitors' net, Jesús Ruiz Suárez has three clean sheets in 18 games. He has conceded a goal every 58 minutes, more than twice as often as the 125 minutes between goals for Soriano Oropesa.
In the last 10 years, Tenerife and Alcorcón have played each other on 17 occasions. Tenerife won seven of them, Alcorcón four, and they drew six times.
On average, CD Tenerife scored 1.4 goals and AD Alcorcón 1.0 in those matches.
Their last meeting was on February 13 2022, when Tenerife won 2-0 away.
With 16 goals in 18 games so far this season, Alcorcón are scoring at below the league average rate with 0.9 goals per game. And they are conceding more than average, letting in 31 goals at a rate of 1.7 per game.
The home side are also below average scorers, with 1.0 goal per game, compared to a league average of 1.2. They have conceded 0.9 goals per game.
Tenerife's last match was on December 2, a 3-0 win against CD Eldense, with Alberto Martín Díaz, Roberto López Alcaide and Ángel Rodríguez getting the goals for CD Tenerife.
Alcorcón lost 2-0 against Elche CF last time out, on December 3.
